#!/bin/sh

if [ $# -eq 1 -a \( "x$1" = "x-l" -o "x$1" = "x--list-rulesets" \) ]; then
	cat <<EOF
PMD 5.0.0 rulesets
==================

long names                                  short names
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

rulesets/ecmascript/basic.xml               ecmascript-basic
rulesets/ecmascript/braces.xml              ecmascript-braces
rulesets/ecmascript/unnecessary.xml         ecmascript-unnecessary

rulesets/internal/all-ecmascript.xml        internal-all-ecmascript
rulesets/internal/all-java.xml              internal-all-java

rulesets/java/android.xml                   java-android
rulesets/java/basic.xml                     java-basic
rulesets/java/braces.xml                    java-braces
rulesets/java/clone.xml                     java-clone
rulesets/java/codesize.xml                  java-codesize
rulesets/java/comments.xml                  java-comments
rulesets/java/controversial.xml             java-controversial
rulesets/java/coupling.xml                  java-coupling
rulesets/java/design.xml                    java-design
rulesets/java/empty.xml                     java-empty
rulesets/java/finalizers.xml                java-finalizers
rulesets/java/imports.xml                   java-imports
rulesets/java/j2ee.xml                      java-j2ee
rulesets/java/javabeans.xml                 java-javabeans
rulesets/java/junit.xml                     java-junit
rulesets/java/logging-jakarta-commons.xml   java-logging-jakarta-commons
rulesets/java/logging-java.xml              java-logging-java
rulesets/java/migrating.xml                 java-migrating
rulesets/java/migrating_to_13.xml           java-migrating_to_13
rulesets/java/migrating_to_14.xml           java-migrating_to_14
rulesets/java/migrating_to_15.xml           java-migrating_to_15
rulesets/java/migrating_to_junit4.xml       java-migrating_to_junit4
rulesets/java/naming.xml                    java-naming
rulesets/java/optimizations.xml             java-optimizations
rulesets/java/strictexception.xml           java-strictexception
rulesets/java/strings.xml                   java-strings
rulesets/java/sunsecure.xml                 java-sunsecure
rulesets/java/typeresolution.xml            java-typeresolution
rulesets/java/unnecessary.xml               java-unnecessary
rulesets/java/unusedcode.xml                java-unusedcode

rulesets/jsp/basic-jsf.xml                  jsp-basic-jsf
rulesets/jsp/basic.xml                      jsp-basic

rulesets/releases/33.xml                    releases-33
rulesets/releases/34.xml                    releases-34
rulesets/releases/35.xml                    releases-35
rulesets/releases/36.xml                    releases-36
rulesets/releases/37-jsp.xml                releases-37-jsp
rulesets/releases/37.xml                    releases-37
rulesets/releases/38.xml                    releases-38
rulesets/releases/39.xml                    releases-39
rulesets/releases/40rc1.xml                 releases-40rc1
rulesets/releases/41.xml                    releases-41
rulesets/releases/42.xml                    releases-42
rulesets/releases/50.xml                    releases-50

rulesets/xml/basic.xml                      xml-basic

rulesets/xsl/xpath.xml                      xsl-xpath
EOF
	exit 2
fi

/usr/bin/pmd-run pmd "$@"
